# -A-Sentimental-Analysis-technique-using-Natural-Language-Processing-for-Chatbot-development
The traditional Chatbot’s are too inflexible and can only answer to user if there is a pattern matching in the input. The answers also been predefined set of question- answers stored in its database. It also lacks in the intuitive capability to think and respond like a human being. To overcome this, during my fall term I developed an AI chatbot based upon the open source machine learning Rasa Framework. Why Rasa Framework? Why not Google dialog flow, amazon lex or IBM Watson. The answer is all these above mentioned platforms have already developed the package which is not flexible enough to modify for the developer. Unlike those framework, RASA provides all the freedom to create different use cases and the framework is open sourced. I had created two use cases one is weather bot and another one is a news bot. During the development phase I had to give the training data to the framework and the predefined  NLP engine would process it and makes the decisions, which certainly was good, but I felt that it can be improved in certain way by implementing additional features like sentimental analysis to improve the user experience. So I have decided that I have enough application knowledge to develop a chatbot from a framework, now its time to  work on the core of any AI chatbot framework which is the NLP engine. This motivated me to work on this project  “A Sentimental Analysis technique using Natural Language Processing for Chatbot development”.
